chore(docs): update releases.md to add default tag prefix (#2390)
projen/projen: docs/releases.md

Commits marked as a breaking change will increase the *minor* version. All other commits will increase the *patch* version.

Projen will **never** release `v1.0.0` without your intervention. Once the project is ready, you have to make a one-time change to bump the major version.

>  

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Please note that this also changes the behavior of finding existing tags and projen will now be looking for tags like `stable/1.2.3` to determine the current version.
If you are migrating to a new tag format, make sure to re-tag at least the current version with the new format.

> It's important to note that the default prefix tag is ``v*`` so if ``releaseTagPrefix`` is not defined in your ``.projenrc.js`` configuration you must define your tags as ``v1.0.0``, ``v2.0.0.0`` and so on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default prefix for release tags is `v*`. So if `releaseTagPrefix` is not defined in your `.projenrc.js` configuration you must define your tags as `v1.0.0`, `v2.0.0.0` and so on.
```
